# Introduction

Loaders are transformations that are applied on files. They preprocess files. I. e. they can transform CoffeeScript to JavaScript.

Loaders resolve similar to modules. You can apply loaders to modules by prefixing them in the `require` call:

``` javascript
var moduleWithOneLoader = require("loader!module");

// Loader in current directory
require("./loader.js!module");

// multiple loaders
require("loader1/main!./loader2!module");
```

When using multiple loaders they are applied in a pipeline.

## parameters

Loaders accept query parameters:

``` javascript
require("loader?with=parameter!./file");
```

The format of the query string is up to the loader, so check the loaders documentation to find out about the parameters the loader accept.

## loaders by config

In many cases the correct loader can be inferred from the filename. Therefore loaders can be specified in the configuration:

``` javascript
{
	module: {
		loaders: [
			{ test: /\.coffee$/, loader: "coffee-loader" }
		],
		preLoaders: [
			{ test: /\.coffee$/, loader: "coffee-hint-loader" }
		]
	}
};
```

If the loaders from the configuration is not suitable for a specific case it can be overwritten:

``` javascript
require("raw!./script.coffee"); // loaders, preLoaders and postLoaders are applied
// => coffee-loader ! raw ! coffee-hint-loader ! ./script.coffee
require("!raw!./script.coffee"); // only preLoaders and postLoaders are applied
// => raw ! coffee-hint-loader ! ./script.coffee
require("!!raw!./script.coffee"); // no loaders from configuration are applied
// => raw ! ./script.coffee
// The last case should only be used in generated code (generated by loaders)
```

## loader order

1. The file is read from filesystem
2. `options.module.preLoaders` are applied
3. `options.module.loaders` are applied
4. loaders from request are applied
5. `options.module.postLoaders` are applied
6. done

If request matches `/^!/` omit step 3.

If request matches `/^!!/` omit step 2., 3. and 5.

If request matches `/^-!/` omit step 2. and 3.

## recommendations

It is recommended that the result is **JavaScript after step 3**.

It is recommended to applied **non-js to js transformations in step 2** (or step 3 when they don't apply globally).

It is recommended to **stay in the same language in pre and post loaders**.

Source code that want to override the non-js to js transformation should use the `!` prefix. (i. e. to transform it in another way)

The `!!` prefix and the `-!` prefix should only be used by loaders.

* Example for a preLoader: Image compression
* Example for a loader (in config): coffee-script transformation
* Example for a loader (in request): bundle loader
* Example for a postLoader: Code coverage instrumenting



# Writing a loader

Writing a loader is pretty simple. A loader is just a file that exports a function. The compiler calls this function and passes the result of the previous loader or the resource file into it. The `this` context of the function is filled-in by the compiler with some useful methods that allow the loader to, among other things, change its invocation style to async or get query parameters. The first loader is passed one argument: the content of the resource file. The compiler expects a result from the last loader. The result should be a String or a Buffer (which is converted to a string), representing the JavaScript source code of the module. An optional SourceMap result (as JSON object) may also be passed.

A single result can be returned in sync mode. For multiple result the `this.callback` must be called. In async mode `this.async()` must be called. It returns `this.callback` if async mode is allowed. Then the loader must return `undefined` and call the callback.

Errors can be thrown in sync mode or the `this.callback` can be called with the error.

`webpack` allows async mode in every case.

`enhanced-require` allows async mode only with `require.ensure` or AMD `require`.

For more detailed instructions and guidelines, check out [[How to write a loader]].

## examples

### sync loader

``` javascript
module.exports = function(content) {
	return someSyncOperation(content);
};
```

### async loader

``` javascript
module.exports = function(content) {
	var callback = this.async();
	if(!callback) return someSyncOperation(content);
	someAsyncOperation(content, function(err, result) {
		if(err) return callback(err);
		callback(null, result);
	});
};
```

> Note: It's recommended to give an asynchronous loader a fall back to synchronous mode. This isn't required for webpack, but allows to run the loader sync using enhanced-require.

### raw loader

By default the resource file is threaded as `utf-8` string and passed as String to the loader. By setting `raw` to `true` the loader is passed the raw Buffer.

Every loader is allowed to deliver its result as String or as Buffer. The compiler converts them between loaders.

``` javascript
module.exports = function(content) {
	assert(content instanceof Buffer);
	return someSyncOperation(content);
	// return value can be a Buffer too
	// This is also allowed if loader is not "raw"
};
module.exports.raw = true;
```

### pitching loader

The loaders are called from right to left. But in some cases loaders doesn't care for the results of the previous loader or the resource. They only care for metadata. The `pitch` method on the loaders is called from left to right before the loaders are called. If a loader delivers a result in the pitch method the process turns around and skips the remaining loaders, continuing with the calls to the more left loaders. `data` can be passed between pitch and normal call.

``` javascript
module.exports = function(content) {
	return someSyncOperation(content, this.data.value);
};
module.exports.pitch = function(remainingRequest, precedingRequest, data) {
	if(someCondition()) {
		// fast exit
		return "module.exports = require(" + JSON.stringify("-!" + remainingRequest) + ");";
	}
	data.value = 42;
};
```


## loader context

This stuff is available on `this` in a loader.

For the example this require call is used:

In `/abc/file.js`:

``` javascript
require("./loader1?xyz!loader2!./resource?rrr");
```

### `version`

Loader API version. Currently `1`.

### `context`

A string. The directory of the module. Can be used as context for resolving other stuff.

In the example: `/abc` because `resource.js` is in this directory

### `request`

The resolved request string.

In the example: `"/abc/loader1.js?xyz!/abc/node_modules/loader2/index.js!/abc/resource.js?rrr"`

### `query`

A string. The query of the request for the current loader.

In the example: in loader1: `"?xyz"`, in loader2: `""`

### `data`

A data object shared between the pitch and the normal phase.

### `cacheable`

``` javascript
cacheable(flag = true: boolean)
```

Make this loader result cacheable. By default it's not cacheable.

A cacheable loader must have a deterministic result, when inputs and dependencies haven't changed. This means the loader shouldn't have other dependencies than specified with `this.addDependency`. Most loaders are deterministic and cacheable.

### `loaders`

``` javascript
loaders = [{request: string, path: string, query: string, module: function}]
```

An array of all the loaders. It is writeable in the pitch phase.

In the example:

``` javascript
[
  { request: "/abc/loader1.js?xyz",
	path: "/abc/loader1.js",
	query: "?xyz",
	module: [Function]
  },
  { request: "/abc/node_modules/loader2/index.js",
	path: "/abc/node_modules/loader2/index.js",
	query: "",
	module: [Function]
  }
]
```

### `loaderIndex`

The index in the loaders array of the current loader.

In the example: in loader1: `0`, in loader2: `1`

### `resource`

The resource part of the request, including query.

In the example: `"/abc/resource.js?rrr"`

### `resourcePath`

The resource file.

In the example: `"/abc/resource.js"`

### `resourceQuery`

The query of the resource.

In the example: `"?rrr"`

### `emitWarning`

``` javascript
emitWarning(message: string)
```

Emit a warning.

### `emitError`

``` javascript
emitError(message: string)
```

Emit an error.

### `exec`

``` javascript
exec(code: string, filename: string)
```

Execute some code fragment like a module.

> Hint: Don't use `require(this.resourcePath)`, use this function to make loaders chainable!

### `resolve`

``` javascript
resolve(context: string, request: string, callback: function(err, result: string))
```

Resolve a request like a require expression.

### `resolveSync`

``` javascript
resolveSync(context: string, request: string) -> string
```

Resolve a request like a require expression.

### `addDependency`

``` javascript
addDependency(file: string)
dependency(file: string) // shortcut
```

Add a file as dependency of the loader result.

### `addContextDependency`

``` javascript
addContextDependency(directory: string)
```

Add a directory as dependency of the loader result.

### `clearDependencies`

``` javascript
clearDependencies()
```

Remove all dependencies of the loader result. Even initial dependencies and these of other loaders. Consider using `pitch`.

### `values` (out)

Pass values to the next loaders `inputValues`. If you know what your result exports if executed as module, set this value here (as a only element array).

### `inputValues`

Passed from the last loader. If you would execute the input argument as module, consider reading this variable for a shortcut (for performance).

### `options`

The options passed to the Compiler.

### `debug`

A boolean flag. It is set when in debug mode.

### `minimize`

Should the result be minimized.

### `sourceMap`

Should a SourceMap be generated.

### `target`

Target of compilation. Passed from configuration options.

Example values: `"web"`, `"node"`

### `webpack`

Set to true when this is compiled by webpack.

### `emitFile`

``` javascript
emitFile(name: string, content: Buffer|String, sourceMap: {...})
```

Emit a file. This is webpack-specific

### `_compilation`

Hacky access to the Compilation object of webpack.

### `_compiler`

Hacky access to the Compiler object of webpack.